Okay,
guys.
In the last lecture,
we looked at how to insert columns and rows into a spreadsheet,
and then we're gonna have a look at moving on existing column to a different position.
Okay,
now,
this is very,
very simple to do at the moment.
Our order goes Item.
Monday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday Saturday total opening stock closing stop,
monthly sales and average sales.
But we may decide we want to see the opening stock at the beginning of the week,
So what we need to do is essentially move column I just here on inserted betweens,
columns A and B So it goes in the middle,
just here now.
It's very,
very simple to do.
All we're going to do is left Click The column heading for column I we're going to right
click on.
We're going to choose the option cuts.
So just left.
Click cut now because we want to move everything from column B groups,
everything from column B over to the right.
We're going to select column B.
We're going to right click on.
We're going to choose the option of insert cut cells just here by left clicking Now at the
moment we've now had a warning that's popped up to say that actually,
this operation will cost submerge cells toe emerge on.
The reason for this is you'll remember we've merged and sentido title just here.
So for now,
just click OK,
and you can see that now are opening.
Stock has moved from over here on is being inserted between columns A and columns.
See,
so that's exactly what we wanted to do.
But now this is no longer merged in center.
That's very easy to remedy.
X.
We've done it before.
You just left click cell a one drug over with the amounts to column D,
just like we did before.
Hit,
Merge in Center Again and hit left the line again.
And it's a simple is that that's how you move one column to a new position on your
spreadsheet.
It's exactly the same process with Rose just left,
click the row.
You want to move,
so let's imagine we want to move Rude seven.
Left click to select it,
right click,
choose cut and then whatever you want to insert it,
let's say,
want to insert it there Just hit cut cells and they go.
You can see how bananas have moved on.
It's a simple is that I'll see you in the next lecture